<!--This is meant to be introduction for a noobie to Blockchain  -->
<b> Introduction to BlockChain <b>
Blockchain is one of the prominent emerging technologies and its important and useful to have the right information about it . What Blockchain is in layman's term's is just a book for some item or a product or a service . How it differs from the current book is the fact that page number of each page in this book is digest (crunch , gist) of content of the previous page , and each page number depends on the previous one. The pages of this books are called <b>Blocks<b>. Each of the these pages or blocks are created or written by what are popular as miners , not by some pen or ink , but by utilizing their system's computational power and their electricity.

Talking of the contents of these books it can be anything from financial transaction to official documentations by Government authorities or Private companies ,identification records and a lot more. Techincally Blockchain can be used for anything and everything that hangers over its previous data. For example let say you bought a house from a person signed the documents and and paid the price. What hapens now is you save the documents in your locker and also in your dropbox or drive to preserve that paper , but what is the locker was struck by earthquake and your account got hacked , you will be left with no proof that you had bought that property even thugh you paid the price first time . 

But with blockchain , the story is different , instead of just you having that slip of transcation , the whole community would have that slip and could later at point verify that yes you did bought that property . This is possible through the decentralized network through which blockchain is maintained and runs. Each participant or member of this community has all the information of the community and serves as the server and also as client of the information . 

But then , how is blockchain Secure ? Yes its ditribited and still the most secure way till now because it is stored in such a manner that modifying or editting a bit of information aywhere in the history would be reflected instanlty on the next page and next page and so on( due to digest of the previous page) , So no matter how smart you are you will end up alone if you try to cheat the cummunity and will easily be pointed out , Hence the most secure way > these digests are called hashes or and derived by complex mathematical machine automated algorithm , no human interferance , so their is no chance of typo error in the entire process 

