What is AngularJS?
What are AngularJS features?
How AngularJS handle the security?
What are Modules in AngularJS?
What components can be defined within AngularJS modules?
What is core module in AngularJS?
How angular modules load the dependencies?
What is difference between config() and run() method in AngularJS? 
When dependent modules of a module are loaded?
What is Angular Prefixes $ and $$?
What are Filters in AngularJS?
What are Expressions in AngularJS?
How AngularJS expressions are different from the JavaScript expressions?
What are Directives in AngularJS?
What is the role of ng-app, ng-init and ng-model directives?
How to create custom directives in AngularJS?
What are different ways to invoke a directive?
What is restrict option in directive?
Can you define multiple restrict options on a directive?
What is auto bootstrap process in AngularJS?
What is manual bootstrap process in AngularJS?
How to bootstrap your angular app for multiple modules?
What is scope in AngularJS?
What is $scope and $rootScope?
What is scope hierarchy?
What is the difference between $scope and scope?
How AngularJS is compiled?
How AngularJS compilation is different from other JavaScript frameworks?
How Directives are compiled?
What are Compile, Pre, and Post linking in AngularJS?
What directives are used to show and hide HTML elements in AngularJS?
Explain directives ng-if, ng-switch and ng-repeat?
What are ng-repeat special variables?
What are Templates in AngularJS?
What is ng-include and when to use it?
What angular components can be defined within AngularJS templates?
What is data binding in AngularJS?
Explain Two-way and One-way data binding in AngularJS?
What is issue with two-way data binding?
How AngularJS handle data binding?
What is the difference between $watch, $digest and $apply?
Which one is fast between $digest and $apply?
Which one handles exception automatically between $digest and $apply?
Explain $watch(), $watchgroup() and $watchCollection() functions of scope?
Explain AngularJS scope life-cycle?
Explain digest life-cycle in AngularJS?
When to use $destroy() function of scope?
What is difference between $evalAsync and $timeout?
What is the difference between $watch and $observe?
What is the difference between $parse and $eval?
What is Isolate Scope and why it is required?
Does AngularJS support MVC?
What is Model in AngularJS?
What is ViewModel in AngularJS?
What is Controller in AngularJS?
How to share information between controllers in AngularJS?
What is $emit, $broadcast and $on in AngularJS?
What is View in AngularJS?
Q73 How to apply validation in AngularJS?
Q74 How to do custom form validation in AngularJS?
Q75 What are different Angular form properties?
Q76 What are different states of a form in AngularJS?
Q77 What is Service in AngularJS?
Q78 What are different ways to create service in AngularJS?
Q79 What is the difference between Factory, Service and Provider?
Q80 What is difference between value and constant?
Q81 What is the difference between $http and $resource?
Q82 What methods $http service support?
Q83 How to enable caching in $http service?
Q84 What methods $resource service object support?
Q85 What is $q service and when to use it?
